Document Datadog Apps agent skill (#37759)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/datadog_apps.md

| `vite.config.ts` | Build configuration with [`@datadog/vite-plugin`][9] pre-configured |
| `package.json` | Dependencies and scripts (`dev`, `build`, `upload`) |

## Use the `datadog-app` skill

> The [`datadog-app` agent skill][20] gives AI coding agents Datadog Apps workflow guidance for scaffolding, local development, uploads, publishing, CI/CD, troubleshooting, DDSQL, and Action Catalog usage. The skill is available in the [agent-skills GitHub repository][21].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`datadog-app` agent skill][20] gives AI coding agents guidance on Datadog Apps workflows, including scaffolding, local development, uploads, publishing, CI/CD, troubleshooting, DDSQL, and Action Catalog usage. The skill is available in the [agent-skills GitHub repository][21].
```

### Install

```shell
npx skills add datadog-labs/agent-skills \
  --skill datadog-app \
  --full-depth -y
```

The `skills` CLI supports Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, Gemini CLI, OpenCode, and other coding agents. To target a specific agent, see the [skills CLI documentation][22]. If the skill does not appear after installation, restart your coding agent.

### Example prompts

- `Scaffold a Datadog App called my-app.`
- `Run this Datadog App locally.`
- `Upload and publish this Datadog App.`
- `Set up CI/CD for this Datadog App.`

> - `Troubleshoot this Datadog Apps authentication error.`

Reviewer: I wasn't sure if this needs to be consistent.

```suggestion
- `Troubleshoot this Datadog App authentication error.`
```

Author: Oh good call. Either would probably work but I think what you have is more correct.
